In this lecture, you'll learn how traffic can be sent securely over the Internet with class transport,
layer security.
You can see on the definitions here that he is the successor to SSL, to SSL was available before Rothstein's
for secure sockets.
Layer SSL was not used anymore.
It's now been replaced with close to last can be used to provide secure web browsing with https.
That's what is best known for.
But it can also be used to provide security for other applications like email as well.
It uses symmetric cryptography to encrypt, transmit data and symmetric keys are generated uniquely
for each connection.
Jocie, as we go through the example in Mwencha, we're going to be shopping on Amazon.com.
For every different customer shopping there, a different set of keys will be generated for each customer
to keep all those different connections secure.
Authentication is provided by public key cryptography and messenger authentication.
Code provides the integrity.
So looking at an example of how HDTV works over the Internet with TLC and in the example, you're going
to be shopping on Amazon.com, but before that happens, Amazon.com needs to set up a secure certificate.
So that is going to be signed by a certificate authority.
And in our example, I'll use VeriSign because of all sorts of different public certificate of thought
is available.
So Amazon generates a public and a private keep here.
They then send a certificate request to VeriSign, which includes their public key.
So they go on to the VeriSign Web site.
They say that they would like a certificate.
They explain what the certificate is for and give some other details and send the public he as well.
The private key never, ever leaves Amazon.com.
Nobody sees that, including the certificate authority.
Then VeriSign will Eivind verify that specific request really did come from Amazon, so they'll use
a method such as telephone bill, ask some security questions there, will verify it really did come
from Amazon.
When they are happy, the very same will generate a certificate for Amazon.
Included in the information and certificate will be which website is valid for which is W-W or Amazon.com.
In our example, the certificate includes Amazon's public key and it is signed by Verizon's private
keys.
It does not include Verizon's private key that never leaves Verizon, but it is signed by Verizon's
private key.
And this is where you come in and you want to do some shopping on Amazon.com when you put your credit
card details, when you want to make sure that they're secure and nobody's going to be able to sniff
traffic and read your credit card details to the way it works is or the way the certificate works is
with PCI, with the public key infrastructure and the Public Certificate Authority, which is very saying
in our example, your web browser trusts the public certificate for is such as VeriSign and has a copy
of their public keys that is built into your browser.
You can see a screenshot from Firefox here.
And actually, let me show you where you can find this information.
So I will go to my Firefox window here and I'll go to the options and then go to privacy and security
and scroll all the way down the bottom here.
And you can see I've got the option to view certificates.
So I click on that.
You can see that all of the public certificate four is it's already built into Firefox.
It trusts all of the public stage.
Then you'll find the same for all the other Web browsers as well.
OK, so going back to the slides again.
So carrying on with our example.
So what happens is you open up.
Yes, Amazon.com in your Web browser, Amazon will then send you their certificate, which had been
signed by a public certificate for a better sign.
In our example, you or your browser will then verify that that is a valid certificate.
It can do that because it has got better signs.
Public key, because the certificate was signed by Verizon's private key, better saying are the only
one with private key.
And because you trust VeriSign, you now trust that this is a valid certificate for Amazon.com because
you know for sure it was signed by VeriSign.
Nobody else could have done not.
So your browser trust VeriSign and Houseware Assange, public key, it's built into the browser, it
checks for cert for Amazon.com with Verizon's public, he VeriSign is the only entity with their private
key.
So there is only one that could have done that.
So if it checks out when it's decrypted with the public key, you know, it was signed by VeriSign is
a valid certificate for Amazon to you now know that who you are communicating with has sent you the
valid certificate for Amazon.com, but you don't know that you're communicating with Amazon.com yet
because everybody else is going shopping and Amazon have been sent that certificate as well.
So anybody could send you a certificate.
You know, that certificate is valid, but you don't know who you're talking with is actually Amazon.
You have not authenticated them yet.
So you need to do that next, the way that happens is your PC will generate some random data, which
is low for you in the example here, and it will then send that over to Amazon or who you think is Amazon
and say if you really are Amazon, encrypt that with your private key from your certificate and send
it back.
So that comes in to Amazon and then they encrypt it with their private key, which matches the public
key in their certificate.
And then that ends up with some encrypted data.
Amazon then send that back to you, then you decrypt that with the public key from Amazon certificate,
which you know is valid.
So, you know, it definitely is Amazon's public key.
And when you decrypt it, if it comes back to being the same as the original data, which was a little
for you, you know that you are for sure talking to Amazon because Amazon is the only one with Amazon's
private key.
You know that you had a valid copy of Amazon's public key.
They're marching together now.
So, you know, you are talking to Amazon.
Your browser could now encrypt your credit card details with Amazon's public key when you make a purchase
and nobody else other than Amazon would be able to read the details.
But asymmetric key encryption is small and it's not suitable for bulk data exchange like web browsing.
So we want to use symmetric key encryption.
But right now, Amazon and you do not have a shared key.
What you have right now is you've authenticated Amazon.
You know that.
You're definitely talking to them.
Amazon have got their private key and you've got the corresponding public key.
So what happens now is that your system will generate a shared keep six, seven, eight.
In our example there, and it will encrypt that shared key with Amazon's public key.
And it will then send in the encrypted format over to Amazon.
Amazon will decrypt it with their private key.
And now you've got the same shared key on both sides of the link, which can be used for this symmetric
encryption.
So now when you go to enter your credit card details that will be encrypted with the shared key sent
over to Amazon.
Amazon will decrypt it with the same symmetric sheared key.
And now they've got your credit card details.
Nobody else has got that shared key.
So nobody else is able to read your credit card details.
So you saw there, that is how encryption works on the public Internet, how we do the secure key exchange
with the asymmetric encryption and then how the symmetric encryption is used for the actual data transfer.
Now, I know what you're thinking of.
This is the first time you've seen this.
You're probably thinking, wait a minute, I'm sure something doesn't quite add up here.
There must be some way to circumvent this, but actually very not.
So let's go through probably the things that you would think could possibly be ways for a hacker could
get around this security.
So first one, hackers also show up on Amazon and they have a copy of Amazon's certificate.
They could make a website looking like Amazon.com and you going there with a phishing attack so they
could send you an email saying it's Amazon here.
There is a problem with your account.
You need to log in and fix it and then send you Amazon certificate.
So they send you the email, checking you to go to their fake Amazon website.
They then send you the real certificate for Amazon.
But that's not going to work because your browser will ask them to authenticate with Amazon's private
key and they don't have it.
The only person that's got that is Amazon.
So you will get a certificate warning message in your browser telling you that's not a safe place to
shop.
OK, next thing that the hacker could try, they could get a certificate for Amazon.com from a public
certificate, thought, well, they could try to do that.
But public certificate for is out of buying checks to verify the only issue, legitimate certificates.
They're not going to give a certificate for Amazon to anybody other than Amazon.
So that also will not work.
Next thing that a hacker could try to make it open up a business named Neales Nuts, for example, and
get a valid public certificate for that from a public certificate authority, then trick you into going
to a website that pretends to be Amazon.com and saying you there are valid Neo's not certificate.
Well, that won't work either, because most difficult details which website is valid for and that is
checked for by your browser.
So if you go to a fake Amazon.com and the certificate is for Nields, not that doesn't match up again.
Your browser will give you the certificate warning.
OK, the last one hacker could install their own certificate authority and create their own certificate
for Amazon.com, but is possible you can have your own pesky infrastructure.
In fact, if you've got a Windows server you can use as your own certificate authority to the attacker
could install their own Certificate three on a Windows server, for example, then trick you into going
to a Web site that pretends to be Amazon.com and send you their certificate.
They created themselves, but again, that will not work because Web browsers only for certificates
from trusted public certificate Forte's.
So again, you'll get the warning message.
And if you're wondering, well, why can't we have our own certificate for it?
And yes, you can do that if you want to manage your own certificates.
If you're doing that, you would need to configure your own horse to trust your own certificate if I
a server.
OK, so that is everything there about how Telstra works on the Internet for secure web browsing.
You saw there it was only Amazon.com that had a certificate.
They have to pay for that.
But from VeriSign in the example there, you did not have a certificate yourself.
And that's the normal way that he works for a secure web browsing.
If you want to have both sides authenticating each other, you would need to have a certificate on both
sides.
An example of where you would sometimes do that with certificates is for a virtual private network.
That's what we're going to be covering in the next lecture.